Integration Basics Additions for JS (#258)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Integration Basics/index.md

* Create Manifest. Apply + OK.
* Run Build -> Build Artifacts to get a .war file in the /out folder.
!@

@![javascript]

> The type of app you can make will depend on the build library you select. If you are using the Node.js build, your app can run as a WebSocket server or as a TCP client. If you are using the vanilla JavaScript build, your app can run as a WebSocket client. This guide will cover topics that apply to both Node.js and plain JS library builds. Specific code snippets for each environment will be shown when applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The type of app you can make will depend on the build library you select. If you are using the Node.js build, your app can run as a WebSocket server or as a TCP client. If you are using the vanilla JavaScript build (a minified JS file not tied to any specific build system or server structure), your app can run as a WebSocket client. This guide will cover topics that apply to both Node.js and vanilla JS library builds.
```

## Basic Configuration

> In order to correctly connect to an SDL enabled head unit, developers need to create a configuration object to pass into an instance of the `SdlManager` class and then start it. This configuration object is the `AppConfig`, which requires a `LifecycleConfig` object. `LifecycleConfig` contains the majority of the settings a developer would need to set in order for the app to be operable. At the very least, you will want to use the following methods to get started: `setAppId`, `setAppName`, `setLanguageDesired`, `setAppTypes`, and `setTransportConfig`. These configuration objects support method chaining, which allow you to create the following example configuration object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to correctly connect to an SDL enabled head unit, developers need to create an `AppConfig` configuration object to pass into an instance of the `SdlManager` class and then start it. This configuration object requires a `LifecycleConfig` object which contains the majority of the settings you need to set in order for the app to function. You will want to use the following methods to get started: `setAppId`, `setAppName`, `setLanguageDesired`, `setAppTypes`, and `setTransportConfig`. These configuration objects support method chaining, which allow you to create the following example configuration object:
```

```js
const lifecycleConfig = new SDL.manager.LifecycleConfig()
    .setAppId('hello-js')
    .setAppName('Hello JS')
    .setLanguageDesired(SDL.rpc.enums.Language.EN_US)
    .setAppTypes([
        SDL.rpc.enums.AppHMIType.DEFAULT,
    ]);
```

> For WebEngine apps, most of this configuration will happen in the `manifest.js` file. The `LifecycleConfig` class has a `loadManifest` method that takes in a manifest file and sets up the configuration itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! NOTE
For WebEngine apps, most of this configuration will happen in the `manifest.js` file and does not need to be duplicated here.
!!!
```

## Transport Configuration

> The transport configuration will depend on the environment you're using. For instance, you can make a TCP connection with Node.js, but not with vanilla JS. Setting up the transport correctly will be covered in the next section. See below for example transport configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transport configuration will depend on the environment you're using. For example, you can make a TCP connection with Node.js, but not with vanilla JS. Setting up the transport correctly will be covered in the next section. See below for example transport configurations.
```

Reviewer: > Setting up the transport correctly will be covered in the next section

Do you mean another guide? If so, please link it. If not, you can remove this sentence.

##### Node.js TCP Transport
```js
lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.TcpClientConfig(HOST, PORT));
```

##### Node.js WebSocket Server
```js
lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(
    new SDL.transport.WebSocketServerConfig(
        wsClient, // The developer is responsible for providing incoming client connections

>         CONNECTION_LOST_TIMEOUT // connection timeout in milliseconds

Reviewer: I'm confused, are these things that the developer is supposed to know to set? If so, I think this comment:

> // The developer is responsible for providing incoming client connections

Could be clarified a bit for what type of object should be passed?

## Setting Up the SDL Manager
After creating the `LifecycleConfig`, it can be set into the `AppConfig` and then passed into the `SdlManager`. The following snippet will set up the `SdlManager` and start it up. A listener is attached to the manager listener to let you know when there is a connection and the managers are ready. Listeners can also be set up for RPCs in the `SdlManager`. In the snippet below, the `OnHMIStatus` notification is subscribed to in order to know what HMI level the app is in.

```js
const appConfig = new SDL.manager.AppConfig()
    .setLifecycleConfig(lifecycleConfig);

const managerListener = new SDL.manager.SdlManagerListener()
    .setOnStart((sdlManager) => {
        // managers are ready
    })
    .setOnError((sdlManager, info) => {
        console.error('Error from SdlManagerListener: ', info);
    });

const sdlManager = new SDL.manager.SdlManager(appConfig, managerListener)
    .start()
    .addRpcListener(SDL.rpc.enums.FunctionID.OnHMIStatus, (onHmiStatus) => {
        // HMI Level updates
        const hmiLevel = onHmiStatus.getHmiLevel();
        console.log("Current HMI Level: ", hmiLevel);
    });
```

> For WebEngine apps, the resulting `index.html` may look something like this:

Reviewer: I think this still needs a header like:

```md
## Configuring the WebEngine App HTML File
```

and a short intro. Starting with "the resulting `index.html` file..." is a little confusing.

```html
<html>
    <head>
        <script src='./SDL.min.js'></script>
    </head>
    <body>
        <script>
            console.log(SDL);
        </script>
    </body>
</html>
```

Finally, run the server by running this in the same directory: `node index.js`. The console should print `Server running on port 3000`. Go to your browser and enter `localhost:3000` in the address bar. If you open up your browser's console on the blank page that shows up you should see the SDL library version be printed and the imported SDL object. If so, then you have successfully set up SDL in your browser! If not, then make sure your SDL build name is correct, and that the HTML file, build file, and JS server file are all in the same directory.

#### NodeJS Setup
This build allows you to create apps that run on your computer. [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) and npm are the tools you will need to integrate this library into what will be your app.

In a new directory, save your `SDL.min.js` build there, and then create a new file in the same directory named `index.js`. Make the contents of that file the following:

```js
const SDL = require('./SDL.min.js');
console.log(SDL);
```

> Finally, run the file: `node index.js`. You should see the SDL library version be printed and the imported SDL object. If so, then you have successfully set up the SDL library!

Author: Will have this moved to the Installation section

> #### Basic Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Basic Configuration
```

> The rest of this guide will cover topics that apply to both library builds. Specific code snippets for each environment will be shown when applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will cover topics that apply to both Node.js and plain JS library builds. Specific code snippets for each environment will be shown when applicable.
```

If you move the above to installation.

> In order to correctly connect to an SDL enabled head unit, developers need to create a configuration object to pass into an instance of the `SdlManager` class and then start it. This configuration object is the `AppConfig`, which requires a `LifecycleConfig` object. `LifecycleConfig` contains the majority of the settings a developer would need to set in order for the app to be operable. At the very least, you will want to use the following methods to get started: `setAppId, setAppName, setLanguageDesired, setAppTypes, setTransportConfig`. These configuration objects support method chaining, which allow you to create the following example configuration object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to correctly connect to an SDL enabled head unit, developers need to create a configuration object to pass into an instance of the `SdlManager` class and then start it. This configuration object is the `AppConfig`, which requires a `LifecycleConfig` object. `LifecycleConfig` contains the majority of the settings a developer would need to set in order for the app to be operable. At the very least, you will want to use the following methods to get started: `setAppId`, `setAppName`, `setLanguageDesired`, `setAppTypes`, and `setTransportConfig`. These configuration objects support method chaining, which allow you to create the following example configuration object:
```

```js
const lifecycleConfig = new SDL.manager.LifecycleConfig()
    .setAppId('hello-js')
    .setAppName('Hello JS')
    .setLanguageDesired(SDL.rpc.enums.Language.EN_US)
    .setAppTypes([
        SDL.rpc.enums.AppHMIType.DEFAULT,
    ]);
```

> #### Transport Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Transport Configuration
```

> The transport configuration will depend on the environment you're using. For instance, you can make a TCP connection with NodeJS, but not in the browser. Setting up the transport correctly will be covered in the next section. See below for example transport configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transport configuration will depend on the environment you're using. For instance, you can make a TCP connection with NodeJS, but not with vanilla JS. Setting up the transport correctly will be covered in the next section.
```

> ```js
> // Example configurations to be completed by the developer
> 
> // NodeJS TCP
> lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.TcpClientConfig(HOST, PORT));
> 
> // NodeJS WebSocket Server
> lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(
>     new SDL.transport.WebSocketServerConfig(
>         wsClient, // The developer is responsible for providing incoming client connections
>         CONNECTION_LOST_TIMEOUT // connection timeout in milliseconds
>     )
> );
> 
> // Plain JS WebSocket Client
> lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.WebSocketClientConfig(HOST, PORT));
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Node.js TCP Transport
```js
lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.TcpClientConfig(HOST, PORT));
```

##### Node.js WebSocket Server
```js
lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(
    new SDL.transport.WebSocketServerConfig(
        wsClient, // The developer is responsible for providing incoming client connections
        CONNECTION_LOST_TIMEOUT // connection timeout in milliseconds
    )
);
```

##### Vanilla JS WebSocket Client
```js
lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.WebSocketClientConfig(HOST, PORT));
```
```

> ##### App Icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Configuration Options
There are several additional basic configuration options to set up your app, like the app name and icon.

### App Icon
```

An app icon can be set in the `LifecycleConfig` to automatically upload and set the icon image. Note that although the implementation of retreiving files are different between the JS browser and NodeJS environments, the developer can use the same API in both cases, and the SDL library will cover the implementation details for the developer depending on which build they are using.

```js
const filePath = './app_icon.png';
const file = new SDL.manager.file.filetypes.SdlFile()
    .setName('AppIcon')
    .setFilePath(filePath)
    .setType(SDL.rpc.enums.FileType.GRAPHIC_PNG)
    .setPersistent(true);

lifecycleConfig.setAppIcon(file);
```

In this case, the code snippet expects there to be an `app_icon.png` file present in the same directory for the app icon.

> 

Reviewer: There's nothing here about setting up the app name / app id / etc. See the iOS / Java Suite versions of this guide.

Author: It's the snippet under the first section of Basic Configuration:
```js
const lifecycleConfig = new SDL.manager.LifecycleConfig()
    .setAppId('hello-js')
    .setAppName('Hello JS')
    .setLanguageDesired(SDL.rpc.enums.Language.EN_US)
    .setAppTypes([
        SDL.rpc.enums.AppHMIType.DEFAULT,
    ]);
```

> ##### SDL Manager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Setting Up the SDL Manager
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> After creating the `LifecycleConfig`, it can be set into the `AppConfig` and then passed into the `SdlManager`. The following snippet will set up the `SdlManager` and start it up. A listener is attached to the manager listener to know when the managers are ready. Listeners can also be set up for RPCs in `SdlManager`. In the snippet below, the `OnHMIStatus` notification is listened on to know what permissive state the app is in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the `LifecycleConfig`, it can be set into the `AppConfig` and then passed into the `SdlManager`. The following snippet will set up the `SdlManager` and start it up. A listener is attached to the manager listener to let you know when there is a connection and the managers are ready. Listeners can also be set up for RPCs in the `SdlManager`. In the snippet below, the `OnHMIStatus` notification is subscribed to in order to know what HMI level the app is in.
```

```js
const appConfig = new SDL.manager.AppConfig()
    .setLifecycleConfig(lifecycleConfig);

const managerListener = new SDL.manager.SdlManagerListener()
    .setOnStart((sdlManager) => {
        // managers are ready
    })
    .setOnError((sdlManager, info) => {
        console.error('Error from SdlManagerListener: ', info);
    });

const sdlManager = new SDL.manager.SdlManager(appConfig, managerListener)
    .start()
    .addRpcListener(SDL.rpc.enums.FunctionID.OnHMIStatus, (onHmiStatus) => {
        // HMI Level updates
        const hmiLevel = onHmiStatus.getHmiLevel();
        console.log("Current HMI Level: ", hmiLevel);
    });
```

> ##### WebEngine Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## WebEngine App Configuration
```

Why is this here below setting up the config and SDL manager? Shouldn't this be up where setting up a vanilla JS vs. Node.js app is?

Author: Parts will be reorganized and moved to the Installation section

> WebEngine apps use the plain JavaScript build, and are set up in a similar fashion to JS apps where it will also run in the browser. Set up the `index.js` and `index.html` file like in the Plain JavaScript Setup section. The majority of the configuration for the app will now be separated into a `manifest.js` file and then imported into the `index.html` file. Create a `manifest.js` file like below and save it in the same directory as the other two files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebEngine apps use the plain JavaScript build, and are set up in a similar fashion to JS apps where it will also run in the browser. Set up the `index.js` and `index.html` file like in the **Plain JavaScript Setup** section. The majority of the configuration for the app will now be separated into a `manifest.js` file and then imported into the `index.html` file. Create a `manifest.js` file like below and save it in the same directory as the other two files.
```

            const lifecycleConfig = new SDL.manager.LifecycleConfig()
                .loadManifest(sdl_manifest)
                .setLanguageDesired(SDL.rpc.enums.Language.EN_US);

            lifecycleConfig.setTransportConfig(new SDL.transport.WebSocketClientConfig());

            const appConfig = new SDL.manager.AppConfig()
                .setLifecycleConfig(lifecycleConfig);

            const managerListener = new SDL.manager.SdlManagerListener()
                .setOnStart((sdlManager) => {
                    // managers are ready
                })
                .setOnError((sdlManager, info) => {
                    console.error('Error from SdlManagerListener: ', info);
                });

            const sdlManager = new SDL.manager.SdlManager(appConfig, managerListener)
                .start()
                .addRpcListener(SDL.rpc.enums.FunctionID.OnHMIStatus, (onHmiStatus) => {
                    // HMI Level updates
                    const hmiLevel = onHmiStatus.getHmiLevel();
                    console.log("Current HMI Level: ", hmiLevel);
                });
        </script>
    </body>
</html>
```

> Note that the manifest file is using the import/export module syntax, and so in the HTML file it is imported in as a module. Also note that in the transport configuration the parameters for `WebSocketClientConfig` are empty. This is because for WebEngine apps those connection details are expected as query parameters in the URL. See below for an example of what the URL is expected to be once the server is running. `sdl-host` is the location of the SDL Core WebSocket server. `sdl-port` is the port of that WebSocket server. `sdl-transport-role` refers to SDL Core's role, which is as a server (as opposed to a client).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the manifest file is using the import/export module syntax; in the HTML file it is imported in as a module. Also note that in the transport configuration the parameters for `WebSocketClientConfig` are empty. This is because for WebEngine apps those connection details are expected as query parameters in the URL. See below for an example of what the URL is expected to be once the server is running. `sdl-host` is the location of the SDL Core WebSocket server. `sdl-port` is the port of that WebSocket server. `sdl-transport-role` refers to SDL Core's role, which is as a server (as opposed to a client).
```
